well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about what senators can learn about the
economy from Elsa and if you are senator
pay attention read an article in the
Atlantic today and it said I said it's
not a recession it's an ice age don don
don yeah yeah I think that's a good
analogy right now it makes sense
specifically it's the freeze that
occurred in the movie frozen what
happens in that movie there somebody has
something inside of them they can't
control it
poses a risk to other people because it
can't be controlled that person goes off
to be by themself the town breezes
everything stops except for essentials
right and meanwhile the government is
out handing out blankets trying to help
people weather the storm yeah makes
sense I like it it's a good analogy it
makes sense and people can talk about
the stock market it's falling at a
faster rate than it did before the
depression true true that's true that is
a fact
but that's not the real economy on the
ground level is it and let's be honest
I don't think anybody would look at what
Disney for example is trading at right
now and say hey that's that's overvalued
oh it's undervalued we all know that we
all know that it will rebound once they
start getting money again kind of gonna
get it
blankets the government's blankets in
this case are the cash infusions I know
a lot of you senators don't get this but
the average person in the u.s. they live
paycheck to paycheck they need help
right now
you need to give them blankets those
cash infusions that you are nickel and
diming
are those blankets and half-measures are
going to be half effective you guys are
going to have to come off this you are
going to have to come off to this you
you got to get real comfortable with
doing this because you're gonna need to
do it as long as it's going on these
infusions they're not going to stimulate
the economy immediately but they're
going to protect those sectors that are
still alive right now people will not be
able to pay their bills their basic
bills most people won't and you don't
have to stick anymore
there's not a lot of I don't know any
sheriff that's gonna send his deputies
out right now to go evict somebody yeah
give me that pen
no they're not gonna do it you don't
have the stick anymore you only have to
carry it you need to start handing those
carrots out real fast because that money
will be used to pay their rent which
will eventually be used to pay
somebody's mortgage that mortgage goes
to the banks those banks are going to be
necessary for the rebound this is simple
once this is over and people are given
the all clear and get to go out again
they will demand hasn't decreased I
don't think anybody stuck at home
watching this right now would choose to
be here I mean I know y'all like me and
everything but not that much you would
like to be somewhere else I imagine the
man hasn't decreased but because the
average American lives paycheck to
paycheck because you senators will not
do anything about that when this is over
they're not gonna have any money you
want the economy to rebound you need to
give them the cash to spend wealth flows
up and then you can accomplish your real
goal because there's no sense in lying
about this anymore everybody up there in
those hallowed halls what are y'all
really about protecting your donors and
their wealth that's what you're
concerned about you want to do that you
have to protect the little guy you don't
have a choice and personally I love it I
think it's great
you need to get real comfortable with
those cash infusions because as long as
this goes on you're gonna have to make
them or it's all gonna fall apart the
system that you benefit from so much at
the expense of others will come crashing
down around your ears so I would get
real used to it and stop with the nickel
and diming give people what they need
give them those blankets and I know
there's resistance because it's the
dreaded S word it's socialism oh no
here's the reality in survival
situations in crisis situations
everybody becomes a socialist every sane
person becomes a socialist we will get
through this with cooperation not
competition anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day